# yangtoken
Erc20 Utility Token for Global Investment and Trading

Blockchain(Distributed Ledger Technology)  has created as system where general people across the globe can access and verify common distributed ledger, thereby creating a system of trust and integrity without relying on the third parties. Each transaction can be verified and recorded in blocks in distributed environment where data is secured of manipulations and fraud. With the advent blockchain and smart contracts, now individuals with small investment can be part of global Asset like real estate and other traditional investment and secure the growth and income only rich and wealthy could access and accrue benefits. 
  
Asset investment company duly incorporated in different countries will management assets,  which will acquire lucrative and market driven properties. Each asset will be assigned Yang(YNN) tokens based on value of asset in smart contract based on rate of tokens. Each token in that particular smart contract will be fractional share holding of that particular asset. 

Yang Tokens(YNN) are digital assets backed by real value Assets  formed via an Ethereum-based blockchain known as a smart contract. YANG (YNN) presents an opportunity to invest in a new real estate asset-pool fund and asset management company,  that will manage investment funds via blockchain tokens, offering the opportunity for immediate, tokenized exchange in an otherwise inherently highly-illiquid, long-term-only asset investment class.

Opportunity to participate in YANG first token (YNN) aiming to provide an asset backed, digitalized real estate investment platform which will comprise an investment fund deploying a value-add strategy with the aim of incorporating blockchain tokenized exchange.

 YNN will aim to acquire lucrative off-market real estate asset acquisitions, with high capital growth and strong investment returns potential fundamentals. YNN aims to give instant liquidity through tokenized exchange via the Ethereum blockchain - a first for the $3 trillion + real estate fund industry globally

Yang(YNN) TOKEN AND ASSET TOKEN ECONOMICS

For a successful blockchain based real estate to work, proof of asset
ownership is a vital component in the system. Our proprietary concept will convert Asset with Property Management company to token via a smart. The architecture of the system is based upon developing a smart contract to establish trust between three key parties: 1) The Investor, 2) The Asset Owner (or broker), and 3) The Asset Management Company
